
------------------------------------------------------Return Policy-------------------------------------------
Updated: June 23, 2023

This policy applies to returns of products purchased in Walmart U.S. stores, Walmart.com, and Walmart Business. Items purchased through Walmart Marketplace might have different return policies & exceptions. Please confirm your item is eligible for return by reviewing the applicable section below describing items sold by Marketplace Sellers.

Not 100% Satisfied? We Are Happy to Help.
To exchange or return an item, here is what you need to know:

You have 90 days after purchase or upon receipt to exchange or return an item unless noted in our exceptions. Please provide your store receipt or Walmart.com/Walmart Business order number and we will refund your purchase to the original form of payment.

Save time by starting your return in the Walmart App or at Walmart.com or at business.walmart.com. No account? Start here: walmart.com/returns.

Return items in-store or curbside, for free by mail or schedule a pickup with FedEx. Walmart+ Members have additional home pickup options as part of their membership.

No receipt? We can look up store purchases with a debit/credit card or online orders with a phone number or email.

Our Guarantees
(WIC/SNAP restrictions apply)
Fresh Guarantee: Receive a refund on Produce, Fresh Flowers, Meat, Bakery, Deli, Dairy & Frozen* items with a receipt. Start a return on the App or at walmart.com/returns or in your account on business.walmart.com. Some items may not be returnable but may be refundable.

Recall Guarantee: Recalled items are issued a cash refund regardless of purchase condition.

Not 100% Satisfied with a Walmart Private Brand Item? We’ll replace it or refund your money. All you need is the package.

90-Day Automotive Battery Guarantee: Money back refund or exchange to original purchaser if battery tests bad within 90 days. After 90 days, the original purchaser can only exchange the battery per the warranty terms.

*Perishable Online Orders cannot be returned by mail. To receive a refund, go to Walmart.com or the App to start the return.

Our Refund and Exchange Exceptions
Your item may have return restrictions and/or special instructions as follows:

Marketplace items (most items are returnable within 30 days).
Luxury products & wireless phones (most items are returnable within 14 days).
Hazardous materials (e.g., items with lithium ion batteries, household chemicals, fuel, corrosive materials, aerosols, etc.) may have mail back restrictions.
Items that include a rechargeable battery (e.g., tools, drills, lawn equipment, laptops, etc.) must contain the original battery to qualify for a return.
Marketplace items that include a rechargeable battery may not be returnable to a store. (Please see additional details in the Returning items sold by Marketplace Sellers section below).
Freight/oversized/heavy items are not returnable to stores.
Items that require assembly (e.g., indoor/outdoor furniture, grills, bicycles, etc.) must be fully disassembled and re-packaged prior to returning to a store or FedEx location (FedEx may decline service for unpackaged assembled items). 
Items shipped to non-contiguous US States and Territories may have mailback restrictions. 
Unopened Tobacco and Alcohol products can only be returned to the original store of purchase.
See below for more details or check walmart.com/returns.
Receipt Required Items
Must be returned within below number of days, with a receipt, to obtain a refund or exchange; see notes below for more details:

2 Days
MAJOR APPLIANCES* (e.g., Full Size Refrigerators, Freezers, Dishwashers, Oven Ranges, Cooktops, Furnaces, Trash Compactors, Wall Ovens, Washing Machine & Dryer Sets, Range Hoods, Washing Machines, Dryers, Ice makers) 
14 Days

Most Wireless Phones
30 Days

AppleCare+*
Cooling & Heating (e.g., Air conditioners, Heaters, Air purifiers, Humidifiers, De-humidifiers, Fans, Indoor fireplaces)
Consumer Electronics
Electric Scooters
Hoverboards
Most Marketplace Items
PC Components* (e.g., motherboards, RAM, graphics cards)
Verizon Postpaid Wireless Phones
Vacuums & Floorcare (e.g., Vacuum cleaners, Robotic vacuum cleaners, Carpet cleaners, Steam cleaners, Vacuum attachments)
Walmart Protection Plans*
60 Days

Contact Lenses
Hearing Aids
Prescription Glasses
Prescription Contacts
90 Days

Walmart+ Membership (Unless used or activated)
Home & Garden Equipment* (e.g., lawn mowers, line trimmers, hedge trimmers, chainsaws, pressure washers)
Tires*
Photo Prints, Personalized items, and photo products* (e.g., blankets, mugs, calendars)
Toilets, toilet bowls and urinals*
365 Days

Perennials, Shrubs, Trees (returned in-store only)

NOTE: Learn how to cancel a Walmart Protection Plan or AppleCare+.
Major Appliances (e.g., large refrigerators, ranges, washing machines): are returnable for a full refund within 2 days of accepted delivery.
Unopened, uninstalled, undamaged major appliances in original, factory sealed packaging are returnable up to 30 days after delivery.
For support on opened and/or installed appliances past the 2-day return window, please refer to the manufacturer warranty.
Returns of major appliances sold on Walmart’s Marketplace may be subject to up to a 20% restocking fee.
Major appliance returns are not accepted in stores.
Please start your return in the Walmart app or go to walmart.com/returns.
NOTE: Small appliances, dorm size and wine refrigerators are returnable up to 90 days if sold in store or when fulfilled by Walmart. Small appliances, dorm size and wine refrigerators sold on Walmart’s Marketplace are returnable within 30 days of delivery. (Please see additional details in the Major Appliances Purchase & Returns Guide section below).

PC Components: must be returned in original packaging. After 30 days, contact Manufacturer for warranty assistance.
Home & Garden equipment: Please drain gasoline or other flammable materials prior to returning. DO NOT remove Freon from AC units. If applicable, product must contain the original rechargeable battery. For Walmart.com items, please check the item page to confirm it is returnable by mail.
Tires: New tires that have not been mounted or installed are returnable to any store with an Auto Care Center. Stores without an Auto Care Center cannot accept tire returns.

Photo Prints, Personalized items, and photo products (e.g., blankets, mugs, calendars): are returnable to a store or contact us at walmart.com/help. Please do not return by mail.
Toilets, toilet bowls and urinals: are returnable if uninstalled and unused and includes original packaging. New, damaged, or defective toilets, toilet bowls and urinals are returnable.
Exchange Only Items

Some products if opened or used can only be exchanged for an exact or similar item as follows:
Unlocked opened wireless phones within 14 days*.
Drones within 30 days*.
Air beds/air mattresses within 90 days*.
Durable medical equipment within 90 days* (e.g., crutches, walkers, slings, mobility scooters, pulse oximeters).
*New, unopened items can be returned for a full refund.

Funeral products: (e.g., caskets, coffins) can be exchanged within 90 days if damaged or defective and unused. New or used items are nonrefundable unless the return is due to manufacturer defect or damaged.

Items Ineligible for Return/Refund/Replacement
To help keep our customers and associates safe Walmart and Marketplace sellers will not replace, accept returns, or provide refunds for:

Firearms & Ammunition	Prescription Medications and Devices
Airsoft & Air Guns, BB Guns, Crossbows, Vertical / Archery bows	Items containing pseudoephedrine, ephedrine, phenylpropanolamine
Pepper Spray	Sex Toys & Vibrators, Pregnancy Tests, Ovulation Tests, & Home Diagnostic Testing Kits (including COVID-19 tests)
Gas Powered Recreational Vehicles (e.g., Dirt Bikes, Mini-Bikes, Go-Carts, Scooters, Ride-ons, UTVs & ATVs)	Diabetic Supplies* including meters, strips, lancets, lancet devices & syringes
Used or Mounted Tires, Wheels, Rims, Snow Tires	Hygienic Medical Equipment (e.g., bedpans, bath seats, sitz baths, eye drop guides, opened/unsealed breast pumps)
Trading cards (opened or unopened)	RV sewer lines, toilets, toilet bowls and urinals (used or installed)
Precious Metals (e.g., gold bars, silver coins, currency)	
*Diabetic supplies and items covered by Medicare Part B that are deemed substandard or unsuitable per Medicare supplier standards are returnable.

Other Service Items & Digital Products Ineligible for Return/Refund/Replacement:
Prepaid Cell Phone Cards	Video Game Download Cards	Sim Cards
Gift Cards	Prepaid Gaming Cards	Video On Demand
Unless specified, electronic games and software downloads are not returnable after purchase. If you did not receive an email containing the code or are unable to redeem the code provided, please go to walmart.com/help, scroll to the bottom of the page and click the blue Contact Us button.

Financial/Home/Tech Services: Return/Refund/Replacement Policy
Ineligible Items:	Eligible Items with a receipt*:	Eligible via Service Providers Only:
Walmart Express Bill Payments	Money Transfer	Home Services (e.g., Angi, Hello Tech, GoConfigure, Tot Squad)
Reloadable Credit/Debit Card	Money Order	Tech Services (e.g., True Network Solutions)
Check/Card Cashing Fee	Affirm	
Branded Gift Cards (Visa, MC, Amex)	Walmart + Membership	
Lottery		
Premium Tech Support & Security w/McAfee Total Protection		

Note:
Money Transfers may be refunded to sending customer if the funds have not been received or deposited into receiver's bank account/mobile wallet. Customer must have the Reference Number or MTCN of the transaction and proper identification.
Money Orders may be refunded in cash up to 180 days after purchase with original receipt. Money Orders that have been previously cashed or deposited are ineligible for refunds. For refunds for damaged or lost money orders, please visit moneygram.com/replacement.
Items purchased with Affirm will be credited back to the customer’s Affirm account. If the refund amount exceeds the loan balance due, Affirm will issue a refund minus interest to the customer’s bank. Refunds may take up to 10 business days to process. If refund is issued in another form of payment such as a gift card, customer is responsible for the loan repayment.
Walmart+ Memberships may be refunded within 90 days unless used or activated.

Home Services Products (e.g., In-Home TV Mounting, Furniture Assembly):
Home Services Products not eligible for refund:

All used or completed home services.
Cancelations less than 24 hours before scheduled booking.
Home Services Products eligible for refund:

Services purchased within 90 days & canceled more than 24 hours prior to scheduled booking.
Eligible refunds will be issued from Service Provider not Walmart.
To cancel an unused service or discuss a problem with a completed service:

Angi Services: Select “Review Booking” in the confirmation email or by calling Angi’s dedicated line for Walmart orders at (833) 600-0406.
Other Service Providers: Locate the service provider contact listed on your booking confirmation email.
Tech Services Products (e.g., Device Setup, Connected Home Installations): are nonrefundable by Walmart. Select services may be eligible for a refund by the service provider if not used or completed. Contact True Network Solutions support staff to confirm eligibility or to discuss a problem with a completed service at (888) 725-4544.

How to Get Your Refund
Receipted Returns
No receipt? We can look up store purchases with a debit/credit card or online orders with a phone number or email. Refunds processed back to a debit/credit card without a receipt may take up to 10 business days.

Receipted items returned within the required timeframe will be refunded to the original purchase method as follows:
Method of Payment	With Receipt				Refund Timing
Cash or Check		Cash					Immediate
Credit Card		Same Credit Card* or Gift Card		Up to 10 Business Days
Debit Card w/ PIN	Same Debit Card,* Gift Card or Cash	Up to 7 Business Days
Walmart Gift Card	Walmart Gift Card			Up to 3 Hours
EBT Card		EBT Card				Up to 3 Hours

When the original credit/debit card is unavailable, refunds for store purchases will go on a Walmart Gift Card and refunds for online purchases will go back to the issuing bank.

Non-Receipted Returns
To return or exchange items without a receipt, the customer must present a valid government-issued photo ID. Information from the customer ID is stored in a secure database that Walmart uses to authorize returns.

If the refund verification process accepts the return, the following options are available:

Merchandise exchange
Cash refund if value is less than $10
Gift Card refund if value is equal to or greater than $10
Refunds issued for lost items, wrong/incorrect item returned, or suspected fraudulent activity are subject to recharge if Walmart or the Seller can verify delivery or frequent abuse.
NOTE: Items that require age verification via a valid government issued ID such as alcohol may have a refund delay of up to 10 business days if Walmart is unable to verify age or the customer is unable to receive their delivery.

Gifting
Items on a gift receipt can be exchanged, refunded to a Gift Card, or credited to the sender’s original method of payment.

Items without a gift receipt can be exchanged or refunded to a Gift Card. Items under $10 are refunded in cash.

Walmart.com or Business.Walmart.com: Items Sold by Walmart
If an item was sold and shipped by Walmart, the Standard Return Policy applies. To view return by mail instructions, click how to return your item by mail.

Please note your item may have return restrictions and/or special instructions as follows:

Wireless phones & Luxury products (Most items are 14 days).
Hazardous materials (e.g., items with lithium ion batteries, household chemicals, fuel, corrosive materials, aerosols, etc.).
Freight/oversized/heavy items are not returnable to stores.
Items that require assembly (e.g., indoor/outdoor furniture, grills, bicycles, etc.) must be fully disassembled and re-packaged prior to returning to a store or FedEx location (FedEx may decline service for unpackaged assembled items). 
Non-contiguous US States and Territories may have mailback restrictions.
To return items over $300 that are Jewelry, Gems or a Luxury Watch sold by Walmart:

Log in to your Walmart account or contact Customer Care at walmart.com/help within 90 days of purchase.
Box up the item. Include all original boxes, papers, grading, certificates of authenticity and appraisals.
Drop the item for FedEx delivery or at a Walmart store.
Use the shipping label provided by Walmart.
Walmart will work to validate and authenticate the item is returned in the exact same condition as shipped within 48 hours upon receipt of the item.

Once validated, your refund will be processed back to your original method of payment in up to 10 business days.

Walmart.com or Business.Walmart.com: Items Sold by Marketplace Sellers
A Marketplace item is an item sold on Walmart.com by a seller other than Walmart.

Most items are returnable within 30 days. Returning items purchased from a Marketplace Seller is easy. Simply:

Start a return by logging into your Walmart account or your business.walmart.com account.
Verify the return window, follow the instructions, and return the item to original packaging.
Box and prepare the item for shipping. No box? Simply bring eligible items to a Walmart store for packaging*.
Drop it off for FedEx delivery or at a Walmart store, if eligible.
The store will provide a shipping label for eligible items.

NOTE: Items that require assembly (e.g., indoor/outdoor furniture, grills, bicycles, etc.) must be fully disassembled and re-packaged prior to returning to a store or FedEx location (FedEx may decline service for unpackaged assembled items).
Some Marketplace items are not eligible for return to a Walmart store.
These are typically odd-sized, freight, oversized, heavy, hazmat, or luxury items.
Hazardous materials (e.g., items with lithium-ion batteries, household chemicals, fuel, corrosive materials, aerosols, etc.) may have mail back restrictions.
Items that include a rechargeable battery (e.g., tools, drills, lawn equipment, laptops, etc.) must contain the original battery to qualify for a return.
Some Marketplace items that include a rechargeable battery may not be returnable to a store.
These Marketplace Sellers are responsible for processing, shipping, returns, and customer service related to your Walmart Marketplace order.
Use the Marketplace Seller’s instructions for return shipping for such items.
Non-contiguous US States and Territories may have mailback restrictions.
Please reference the Marketplace Seller’s return policy for details regarding refunds and possible restocking fees (up to 20%). Insuring items valued above $600 is recommended prior to return shipping.

Within 48 business hours of receiving an eligible returned item, the Marketplace Seller will verify the item and process the refund minus any applicable fees. Applicable amounts will be refunded back to the customer’s original method of payment within 10 business days.

NOTE: By leaving your package with Walmart for FedEx delivery, you are representing that the package contains no hazardous materials. Items with hazardous materials may include batteries, flammable liquids, computer equipment, certain cosmetics, household goods, and other common products. For more information about what may be considered a hazardous material, see the DOT guidelines.

To return a Luxury Item sold by a Marketplace Seller on Walmart.com:
Within 14 days* of receiving the item, initiate the return online.
Photograph the item and keep the photos for your records.
Package the product carefully. Include all original boxes, papers, warranty cards, grading, certificates of authenticity & appraisals. Apparel/Shoes/Accessories sold as new must be unworn with original tags & labels.
Use a shipping label provided by Walmart or the Marketplace Seller.
Use the Marketplace Seller’s instructions for return shipping. Some items may be eligible to return at a Walmart store.

Please reference the seller’s return policy regarding refunds and possible restocking fees (up to 20%). Insuring items valued above $600 is recommended prior to return shipping.

Any Marketplace Seller luxury item returned without the required materials will be rejected for return and no refund will be issued.

Luxury items that are damaged will be rejected for return and no refund will be issued. Worn, resized, or altered watches & jewelry items may have a restocking fee up to 20% of the purchase price.

Within 48 business hours of receiving a returned luxury item, the Marketplace Seller will validate and authenticate that the item is in the exact same condition as originally shipped to the customer.

Once validated, refunds are processed back to the customer’s original method of payment in up to 10 business days.

*Luxury Item Categories: New and preowned Apparel, Shoes & Accessories (e.g., Scarfs, Sunglasses, Handbags), Jewelry & Watches above $300, Fine Art, Loose Gems & Gemstones, Collectibles (e.g., Coins, Stamps), Memorabilia.

Major Appliances Purchase & Returns Guide
Tips for Purchase/Advice: 

To help avoid returns and/or restocking fees, below are a few tips to take prior to ordering a Major Appliance:

Research your options
Measure the space to ensure fit
Confirm utility, voltage and plug type requirements for the space to ensure product compatibility
Buy any necessary accessories for installation/use (e.g., hoses, plugs, vents, etc.)
Make note of any special delivery instructions to share with the delivery carrier where applicable
Develop a plan for item assembly and installation
Before accepting delivery, major appliance products (including refrigeration appliances, washers, dryers, ranges, dishwashers, and some microwaves) should be inspected for defects/damage. If any exist, please notify the driver about damages, ask for options and/or refuse delivery free of charge. Discounts for defects/damage for Walmart Marketplace appliances are subject to the seller's discretion and it is recommended customers refuse delivery for defects/damage to avoid further complications.

A customer may initiate a return of a major appliance for a full refund within 2 days of accepted delivery.

Major Appliances are not returnable to Walmart stores. Please start your return in the Walmart app or online at walmart.com/returns to arrange for carrier pick up.

Defective or damaged Major Appliances:

The customer is responsible for inspecting their purchase upon delivery.
Returns due to damage/defect are allowed within 2 days of delivery free of charge.
Any defects/damages discovered after the 2-day grace period must be dealt with directly through the manufacturer's warranty.
After 2 days or 48 hours, returns are subject to the following guidelines:  

Opened: factory seal has been broken, product has been opened by customer, not the carrier.

Subject to seller discretion. Seller may deny exchange or refund.
Day 3-30: No return; refer to manufacturer warranty.
Unopened/Uninstalled/Product in Factory Sealed Packaging:

Day 3-30: Up to a 20% restocking fee.

Installed Major Appliances: 
Beyond the 2-day return window, after product installation, for all defects/damages, please contact the Marketplace seller and/or refer to the manufacturer’s warranty for additional details.

Exceptions:
Appliances in original, undamaged, factory-sealed packaging can be returned post 2-day return window for a full refund subject to additional restocking fee (up to 20% of the purchase price) at sellers' discretion. Returns must be initiated within 30 days of delivery.
Customer can reach out to seller to exchange item at sellers' discretion within 2-day period.
Any custom or made-to-order items cannot be returned for refund or exchange.
WIC/SNAP Eligible Items
Eligible items can be returned for a cash refund/credit or Gift Card only if the customer has a receipt showing the item was not purchased with WIC or SNAP:

Customer with receipt showing purchase made with WIC: Item exchanged for same item.* Cash refund/credit or gift card is not allowed.
Customer with receipt showing purchase made with SNAP: Item can be refunded to SNAP EBT account or exchanged for the same item. Cash refund/credit or gift card is not allowed. 
Customer with receipt showing purchase made w/o WIC or SNAP: Item returned for cash refund/credit or gift card.
Customer without receipt: WIC or SNAP eligible items exchanged for same item. Cash refund/credit or gift card is not allowed.
*The customer must have formal documentation from the WIC agency to allow any exceptions.

A WIC-eligible item is any item listed on the applicable state WIC approved food list.
A WIC-purchased item is any item on the applicable state WIC approved food list purchased with a valid WIC food instrument (e.g., WIC Voucher, EBT Card, WIC CVV, etc.).

A SNAP-eligible item is defined by the USDA as any food or food product for home consumption. It excludes specific items from being purchased with SNAP benefits.
A SNAP-purchased item is any item purchased with a SNAP benefit.

The Fine Print
Walmart reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time. A receipt with a valid transaction number is required to receive a refund on sales tax for returned items within the time period allowed by law in Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island.

Walmart reserves the right to limit or decline returns or exchanges regardless of whether the customer has a receipt. All non-receipt returns are subject to a refund verification process. All decisions regarding returns are subject to applicable laws. The Store Manager retains final authority to accept or decline any item that is eligible for return. Under no circumstance may a Store Manager accept return of an ineligible item. Store managers may always, at their discretion, refuse return of an item they deem to present a potential health or safety risk to any individual.

Walmart also reserves the right to close Walmart.com accounts, or to cancel or refuse orders or returns or refunds for violations or abuse of our returns policy, or any fraudulent activities relating to returns.

-------------------------------------------Price Match Policy-----------------------------------------------------
Purchases Made in a Walmart U.S. Store

For items purchased in a Walmart U.S. store, we will match the price of the identical item advertised on Walmart.com. (Restrictions apply – see below)

The following conditions and limitations apply:

The customer must inform the Walmart associate of the price at the time of checkout.
The identical item (i.e., size, model, quantity, brand, or color, etc.) must be currently in-stock and available to purchase on Walmart.com at the time the Price Match is requested.
Some price match transactions require a Walmart supervisor approval, which could lead to an extended transaction time to validate the eligibility of the requested price match before the price will be matched. We reserve the right to limit quantities to one-per-customer, per item, per day.
Quantities are limited in New Mexico only for the purchase for resale.
Price match of items sold on Walmart.com are not available in Alaska, Hawaii, or Puerto Rico.
Sorry, we do not match:

Competitor’s online or in-store prices
Walmart.com prices that are on special events (including but not limited to clearance, Rollback, Black Friday or Cyber Monday deals, or other limited-time promotions)
Prices from Walmart Marketplace Retailers or third-party Sellers
Bundle offers, Instant Rebates, Mail-in Offers, Offers that include financing, Advertisements that require a purchase to receive a gift card, Percentage Off, or Buy One Get One Free advertisements without a specified price
Prices from other Walmart or Neighborhood Market stores
The Walmart Store Manager on duty has the final decision on any Price Match.

Walmart reserves the right to change the terms of this Policy at any time.

Purchases Made on Walmart.com

We strive to offer the best possible price on Walmart.com every day, on all items. As a result, we do not offer any price matching for items offered on our website, prices offered by competitors, prices for items previously purchased on Walmart.com that have since decreased in price, prices available through Marketplace or offered by third-party Sellers, and items offered in our Walmart Stores or Neighborhood Markets.


Coupon Policy
Updated: November 10, 2017

This policy applies to all properties owned or operated by Walmart Inc., or one of its subsidiary companies (excluding Sam’s Club locations) in the United States (Walmart).

Manufacturer Coupon Policy

To help our customers save money and live better, we gladly accept valid paper manufacturer coupons issued by manufacturers of products that Walmart sells. These paper manufacturer coupons must scan at the register and must not be expired in accordance with the following guidelines.


---------------------------------Coupon Guidelines --------------------------------------------
Walmart accepts the following Manufacturer Coupons

Accept only one paper manufacturer coupon per item.
Walmart will follow the manufacturer’s limitations as stated on the coupon
Example: 4 coupons for the same item
There is no limit on the number of coupons (variety) that can be used in a total transaction
All coupons require the following information printed on them.
"Manufacturer Coupon"
A GS1 barcode that can be scanned
A valid remit billing address for the manufacturer of the product being purchased
A valid expiration date and must be presented before expiration
Walmart accepts Dollars/Cents Off coupons and BOGO (Buy One Get One Free)
All coupons must be presented to the cashier at the time of purchase.
Coupons cannot be applied after the transaction is completed or to previous purchases.
Items purchased must match the coupon description (brand, size, quantity, color, flavor, etc.). Acceptance of unmatched coupons is against policy and will be denied.
Coupons must scan at the register, as the GS1 on the coupon validates to a master file.
Coupons are void if copied, scanned, altered, transferred, purchased, sold, or as prohibited by law.
The coupon value will be applied to the price of an item allowing any overageto be applied to the transaction total.
In select instances, Walmart may give cash after overages are applied to the transaction total (remaining basket).
SNAP items purchased in a SNAP transaction are applied to the basket purchase and are ineligible for cash back.
WIC items purchased in a WIC transaction are applied to the basket purchase and may not be eligible for cash back. Refer to state specific WIC guidelines.
Walmart reserves the right to limit quantities to ‘typical retail purchases’ except in states where it is prohibited (NM).
Internet (Print-at-Home) Coupons

We gladly accept valid, internet manufacturer coupons for the manufacturer’s items with a GS1 barcode that scans at our register and are not expired.
We do not accept internet coupons for free items with no purchase requirements.
Internet coupons that display characteristics below will not be accepted:
Blurry
Out of proportion
Do not scan properly
Appear to be altered in any way
Buy One Get One Free Coupons (BOGO)

BOGO manufacturer coupons cannot be combined by using a 2nd manufacturer BOGO coupon on the 2nd item (i.e. you cannot use two BOGO manufacturer coupons on two items and get both for free). Unless stated otherwise on the coupon, the use of one Buy One Get One Free coupon requires that two of the valid items are presented at checkout of which one item will be charged to the customer at the full price and the 2nd item will be discounted by its full retail price.
A BOGO manufacturer coupon and a Dollar/Cent Off coupon cannot be combined (i.e. you cannot use a BOGO coupon and a Dollar/Cent Off coupon on two items). Unless stated otherwise on the coupon, the use of one Buy One Get One Free coupon requires that two of the valid items are presented at checkout of which one item will be charged to the customer at the full price and the 2nd item will be discounted by its full retail price.
Walmart does not accept BOGO manufacturer coupons with a percentage (i.e. buy the first item at full price get 50% off the 2nd item).
Returns

Returns of items purchased using Manufacturer Coupons may receive the coupon value returned in the original form of tender, thus providing the full purchase price back to the customer.
Coupons will not be given back upon return of the merchandise.
Walmart reserves the right to decline the return of items purchased with manufacturer coupons.
Exclusions

Walmart does not accept (mobile) digital coupons, (example: coupons scanned off a mobile phone).
Walmart does not accept expired coupons
Walmart does not accept counterfeit coupons (VISA, MC, AMEX, Applebee’s or any coupons made by a third party.
Walmart does not accept vouchers or gift certificates.
Walmart reserves the right to not accept UPC-A coupon barcodes.
Walmart reserves the right not to accept manufacturer coupons with no matching requirements (e.g. 992 family code).
Acceptance of unmatched manufacturer coupons to the correct purchase item is against policy and the coupon will be denied.
Walmart does not accept competitor /retailer coupons
Walmart does not accept bottle caps for redemption.
Walmart does not honor double or triple coupons.

Disclaimer
In select circumstances a register prompt will occur during coupon transactions that require a CSM or Management to validate the manufacturer coupon(s).
In all situations, we reserve the right to refuse, or limit the use of any coupon and/or the subsequent return for any reason, including if the customer behavior becomes disruptive (reoccurring) or the items are deemed not to be for the purpose of using or gifting.
Store Management has the final decision in taking care of the customer
Walmart will work with the appropriate law enforcement authorities to prosecute individuals using counterfeit coupons or using coupons inappropriately.
Walmart reserves the right to update or modify the terms of the OP-41 Manufacturer Coupon Policy and it’s strategies at any time.


