Our founder sam walton always said our people make the difference, and many decades later, that remains true. Were focused on investing in our associates to ensure were offering good jobs with meaningful benefits and room for career growth so there is a path of opportunity for everyone at walmart. We are continuously investing in higher wages and the average hourly wage for our u. S. Frontline associates is more than $17.50. Over the past few years, weve introduced higher-paying roles in our stores, raised wages for more than 1 million frontline associates and invested in clearer career pathways that give associates more room to increase their pay as they build a career here. While pay is important to our associates, they have told us its just one part of the equation. Walmart associates can also create schedules that work for them. Some associates are looking for consistency they can rely on with their schedule and paycheck, while others value ultimate flexibility and want to pick up or even trade for shifts. Either way, weve got them covered. Being a walmart associate also means getting access to a lot of great benefits, perks and discounts that help improve your life in meaningful ways. We offer benefits like medical coverage, paid time-off, 401(k) match, paid leave of up to 16 weeks for our eligible birth mothers and an adoption benefit that may pay eligible associates up to $20,000 to cover costs. We also help associates save money and live better by offering a 10% discount on fresh produce and select general merchandise. Theyve told us they love saving money on gas and free delivery through free walmart+ memberships, and we also offer discounts for things like cell phone plans and gym memberships. As the worlds largest retailer, we understand the importance of workforce development and offer skills and leadership training through our walmart academies. 75% of our salaried store, club and supply chain management began their careers as hourly associates, and the average entry-level associate promotes to a role of higher pay and greater responsibility within about seven months. We have a culture of promoting from within, and were committed to offering each associate the support and resources to build a better career and life. For example, walmart offers access to a free college degree by paying for 100% of the cost of associates tuition and books through our live better u program. Simply put: we want to see our associates thrive.
Walmart’s Money Services include credit cards, reloadable debit cards, sending and receiving money, gift cards, check cashing and more. Learn more about these services on our website.
Walmart operates approximately 10,500 retail units in 20 countries and eCommerce websites. As of the end of FY2023, we employed approximately 2.1 million associates worldwide, with approximately 1.6 million associates in the U.S.
Walmart’s approximately 2.3 million associates live and work in local communities around the world. Strong, vibrant towns and cities that provide convenient access to healthier food, stable jobs and support in times of disasters are essential to building strong local economies. Over the years, Walmart has been intentional about leveraging our strengths, associates and other resources to build resiliency in communities. Through collaboration and philanthropic funding, we’re working to strengthen the charitable meals system, provide emergency relief in the face of disasters, and support more than 10,000 communities our stores, clubs and facilities serve. In FY22, total global cash and in-kind donations from Walmart and the Walmart Foundation was $1.5 billion. Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have provided over $43 million for COVID response. Walmart has a long history of stepping up in times of disaster to help communities with relief and recovery. Since 2016, Walmart, Sam’s Club and the Walmart Foundation have provided more than $132 million for disaster preparedness, response and relief efforts supporting communities around the globe. In FY2022 alone, $24 million was dedicated to disaster recovery and preparedness. We aim to strengthen the health of our communities, not only by providing products, services and jobs through our retail business, but also by facilitating associate volunteerism, local donations through stores and customers and support for diversity and inclusion initiatives.
Each year, our U.S. stores and clubs award local cash grants ranging from $250 to $5,000. These local grants are designed to address the unique needs of communities where we operate. They include a variety of organizations, such as animal shelters, elder services and community cleanup projects. In FY2022, our stores and clubs provided $44 million in local grants. Examples include donating truckloads of supplies to hospitals, donating tablets to a senior living facility to allow family communication during quarantine and providing Chromeboooks to the associates. Our U.S. associates can pursue a degree at no cost through our partnership with Guild Education. No strings attached. Our Live Better U program is about making education accessible, providing the tools to help people be successful, and creating a path for our people to go as far in their educational journey as their hard work and talents will take them. Walmart associates can earn a college degree or certificate or even finish a high school diploma or learn a language for free. Through our partnership with Guild Education, we offer degrees in business, supply chain, technology, and health. Additionally, high school students have access to free ACT and SAT prep and up to seven hours of free college credit through Live Better U’s College Start program. Visit the Live Better U website to learn more about how Walmart is investing in its associates’ personal and professional success. oks to schools to support distance learning.
Walmart welcomes service animals as defined by the ADA in our stores, and we recognize the important role they play in many of our customers’ lives. We do not allow pets in our stores.
Out of respect for our associates and customers, unauthorized filming is prohibited and we reserve the right to enforce that policy.
You can get free two-day shipping on millions of select items online on orders of $35 or more - no membership needed. With our Pickup Discount, you can order online and pick up in store for even lower prices on select items. Learn more about shipping and returns at walmart.com.
Please visit our Product Recall page for product safety and recall information. You may also call or visit your local store for more product safety and recall information.
Electronic product code (EPC) is the next generation of bar codes. An EPC label contains specific information about a product, such as its identity, the manufacturer, as well as a unique serial number that distinguishes one item from another. Walmart and Sam’s Club use EPC to better manage our inventory and make sure the products you want – in the size, color and style you want – are available when you need them.
Walmart invests in its associates by providing higher wages, introducing higher-paying roles, and offering clearer career pathways. Associates can increase their pay as they build a career within the company.
Walmart offers a range of benefits to associates, including medical coverage, paid time-off, 401(k) match, paid leave for eligible birth mothers, adoption benefits, and discounts on products. Associates also have access to a free college degree through the Live Better U program.
Walmart contributes to communities through philanthropy, volunteerism, and disaster relief efforts. The company has provided millions of dollars for disaster recovery and preparedness, and it collaborates with organizations like United Way, The Salvation Army, and The American Red Cross.
Prices may vary from store to store because each store is required to manage its own inventory. Therefore, a manager may lower a price to clear out an overstock item, to reward customers with an in-store sale, or to compete with local merchants. It is not our policy to price match our own stores since we are not in competition with ourselves.If you would like more information on pricing policy, you may contact your local store management.
The merchandise and prices available on our website do not reflect the merchandise and prices available in our stores. Currently, we do not have access to store inventory lists or price lists at this website. Please contact your local Walmart store manager for more information and availability.

Customers can apply online at Walmart.com/credit.Customers can apply in a Walmart store with an accepted state-issued Driver’s License or state-issued ID in the following ways: 
1. With your smartphone Text-to-Apply, At a Register, At Self-Checkout
2. At the Customer Service Desk

Physical (tangible) cards with a PIN (personal identification number) may be used in any United States or Puerto Rico Walmart store or Sam’s Club, including parts of the facility that are managed by Walmart. These gift cards can also be used on walmart.com and on samsclub.com (members only). Online-only gift cards (e-cards) can only be used online at walmart.com or samsclub.com (membership required). An e-card is an electronic shopping account comprised of solely an account number and a balance; it does not include a tangible gift card.
Gift cards cannot be used to pay for:
Money orders
Products from a Portrait Studio (3rd party)
Products and services from a hair salon (3rd party)
Products and services from any leased Vision Center (3rd party)
Eye Exams from ANY vision center (including those owned by Walmart)
The picture on the card is for entertainment purposes only and has no reference to possible uses of the account funds.
To see if your organization qualifies for charitable giving from Walmart or the Walmart Foundation, please visit our the Walmart.org website to review the Local Community Giving guidelines.


